Spike cluster analysis, Cris's code
Notes by Michael Stryker 19 Jan 2011

What is needed to be installed:  

TDT OpenEx Suite (code Dragonfly) to get TankMon.exe
I also loaded the TDT Drivers and the ActiveX Controls from http://tdt.com/downloads.htm, but I don't think that they are necessary.

Analysis code, includes cluster_tetrode.m (or cluster_tetrode1.m?) and calls FastICA and some other modules--I'm not sure which.  I will try to figure this out.

We are using the FastICA_25 version.

Klustakwik_amd.exe and Cygwin.dll in c:\
I will change the code to put them in C:\bin at some future time.

Running Cluster_tetrode

Step 1.  Register the Tank that you want to analyze (which is like a folder containing separate files for the blocks using TankMon.  The asterisk shows that the tank is registered.

Edit the use_tets variable (line normally commented out) in cluster_tetrode if necessary (ie, if there are too many spikes otherwise). AFter the first time, comment out the use_tets again so that it tries other tetrodes.

Create a folder withe the same name as the beginning of the Tank + '-analysis' for the analysis files.  It will sit next to Tank in alphabetical order.

In general, it is good to cluster all the blocks taht will be compared against one another (left eye, right eye, etc) in a single run for cluster_tetrode, but that may cause too many spikes.

Run cluster_tetrode

The first time, you can not re-cluster, so answer 'no' at the 'Re-cluster?' prompt.

Select the blocks to be analyzed in the dialog box.  Right now you can only select one block at a time (future change to multiple-block selection), and it keeps asking for more until you hit 'cancel' on the uigetfile dialog box.

Select the ICA waveforms to be used for the spike clustering by clicking.  Then hit 'enter' after all decent loking components are selected.

Klustakwik then runs for ~6 minutes.

Save the data in a file with a name like sweeps or something; this name will be appended to the Tank+blocks name.

If you do additional tetrodes from the same blocks, reply 'yes' to 'Re-cluster?' and then tell which tets to use (eg [2 3 4]).
When it comes time to save the data, select the same data file as above.

Running Select_units

After cluster_tetrode exits, use the clusters to select spikes by running select_units.m (or select_units_mk.m).

Look for the clusters that have reasonable spike waveforms and reasonable numbers of spike in the histograms and inter-spike-interval distributions that are reasonable, not cut off artifactually at 1 msec.  Select the cluster by clicking its color (background color of the plots).

Running spike analysis programs

Example of spike analysis program is drift_orientfreq_basic.m
This reads that analysis file for a particular block.





